GA Kubernetes v3 integration (#7322)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/configure-control-plane-monitoring.mdx

#### `hostNetwork` and `privileged` [#hostnetwork-privileged]

> In previous versions, when the integration is deployed using `privileged: false`, the `hostNetwork` setting for the control plane component will be also be set to `false`.

Reviewer: I would try to avoid to specify new/latest versions since in the future it could be misleading.

Reviewer: previous versions of v3 or you mean <v3?

Reviewer 2: I agree with @paologallinaharbur. I think it'd be less ambiguous if we specified the versions where this happens.

Reviewer 3: Should we unify this referrals ? And stop using relative terms previous/latest/news by more concrete terminology (v3, >v3 or <v3)

Author: Solved in the commit [#5272112](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/pull/7322/commits/52721120b118b37ff91856396a750b4964b520c4)

> With the latest version, `privileged` only affect node pods adding privileged to the security context so we can get more metrics from the host. All the components of this integration has `hostNetwork: false` by default except the pods that get metrics from the control plane. This is because most users and Kubernetes distributions configure the control plane metrics endpoints to listen only in the loopback interface, i.e. `localhost`.

Reviewer: therefore this sentence is wrong? -> http://github.com/newrelic/nri-kubernetes/blob/4e8578647e7f930b434237d74c660b8688d612b6/charts/newrelic-infrastructure/values.yaml#L426-L426

Author: Yes, but the task to rewrite and document the `values.yaml` is still in backlog: newrelic/nri-kubernetes#370

> With the latest version, `privileged` only affect node pods adding privileged to the security context so we can get more metrics from the host. All the components of this integration has `hostNetwork: false` by default except the pods that get metrics from the control plane. This is because most users and Kubernetes distributions configure the control plane metrics endpoints to listen only in the loopback interface, i.e. `localhost`.

Reviewer 2: Same here, could we add the version we refer to?

> With the latest version, `privileged` only affect node pods adding privileged to the security context so we can get more metrics from the host. All the components of this integration has `hostNetwork: false` by default except the pods that get metrics from the control plane. This is because most users and Kubernetes distributions configure the control plane metrics endpoints to listen only in the loopback interface, i.e. `localhost`.

Author: Solved in the commit [#5272112](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/pull/7322/commits/52721120b118b37ff91856396a750b4964b520c4)

#### `hostNetwork` and `privileged` [#hostnetwork-privileged]

> In versions lower than v3, when the integration is deployed using `privileged: false`, the `hostNetwork` setting for the control plane component will be also be set to `false`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In versions older than v3, when the integration is deployed using `privileged: false`, the `hostNetwork` setting for the control plane component will be also be set to `false`.
```

Author: Solved in [#c326625](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/pull/7322/commits/c32662541d45e88c090fd3eeecea3935bdd6e660)

> With the latest version, `privileged` only affects node pods adding privileged to the security context so we can get more metrics from the host. All the components of this integration are set up as `hostNetwork: false` by default, except the pods that get metrics from the control plane. This is because most users and Kubernetes distributions configure the control plane metrics endpoints to only listen in the loopback interface, i.e. `localhost`.

Reviewer: I still fear that "node pods" can be confusing

Author: I left that unsaved and I have to push more changes: [Let me know what you think about #b4c39bd](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/pull/7322/commits/b4c39bd7be51a14a086d22250d524a78d4a6db81)

> With the latest version, `privileged` only affects node pods adding privileged to the security context so we can get more metrics from the host. All the components of this integration are set up as `hostNetwork: false` by default, except the pods that get metrics from the control plane. This is because most users and Kubernetes distributions configure the control plane metrics endpoints to only listen in the loopback interface, i.e. `localhost`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In version 3 and newer, the `privileged` flag affects only the `securityContext` objects, that is, whether containers are run as root with access to host metrics or not. All the integration components default now to `hostNetwork: false`, except the pods that get metrics from the control plane that have `hostNetwork: true` as it is required to reach the control plane endpoints in most distributions. Both of these settings can be changed, individually or globally, using _______.
```

Author: Solved in [#c326625](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/pull/7322/commits/c32662541d45e88c090fd3eeecea3935bdd6e660)

   kubectl get secret kube-etcd-client-certs -n openshift-monitoring -o yaml > etcd-secret.yaml
   ```

> 2. Optionally, change the secret name and namespace to something meaningful.

Reviewer: I opened this https://github.com/newrelic/nri-kubernetes/issues/405, can it be closed?

I was thinking as well to the `oc adm policy add-scc-to-user privileged` instruction. Do you have more context?

Author: Not from my side. I simply changed this because newrelic/nri-kubernetes#342 is merged and now the integration reads TLS secrets properly.

But I have not reviewed Openshift installation to feel as comfortable to close your issue.
